======================================================================

Application Name: IslandBridgeConstructor

Creator: Chavalit Vanasapdamrong

Last Edited: March 20th 2017 (11:22PM)

Programming Language: Swift 3

Coding Architecture: VIPER

Libraries (Cocoapods):

- SwiftSpinner (https://cocoapods.org/pods/SwiftSpinner)

======================================================================

Algorithm Explanation:

- Checking For Route

Using bitwise value to check if curtain route will lead to destination.
Every bridge has its own bitwise value generated by using the value from the id of the Island it connects.


Example:

Island1 -> id = 1, biwise value 1<<1 (0001)

Island2 -> id = 2, biwise value 1<<2 (0010)

Bridge link Island1-Island2, bitwise value 1<<1 | 1<<2 = (0011)


- Creating a route

Start from origin then loop thru its bridges:

For each bridge recursively add its nested bridges until the end or stop if destination reached.
Then do the same thing for all the rest.
Then we get all possible routes, check thru each route if it goes to our destination by using its bitwise value generated by using or operation on all the bridges we pass.
Then we check if this route bitwise value AND with bitwise value of Island1 OR Island2 equal bitwise value of Island1 OR Island2.


Example:

Route1 -> Bitwise value = 1111

Island1-Island2 -> Bitwise value = 0011

If (1111 & 0011) == 0011 then this route connects island1 and island2



- Choose the route that has the oldest bridge which is the newest of all

For each route we got loop thru all the bridges to find the one that is oldest.
Comparing this value with other route.
Choose the one that is newest.
Then we delete this bridge from the islands it links.

======================================================================
